README.md, before:

# FFXI Packet Eater

## Client

`client/`

## Server

`server/`

Not currently hosted to the public. But it will be soon!

## Launch TODO List

- ~~Send payload as base64 string~~
- Send data C->S gzip'd, with a smaller encoding than JSON
- Get data transmission size down as small as possible
- ~~Do ALL payload extraction and inspection work on the worker~~
- Proper hygiene about database sessions in the server application and worker
- ~~Session management~~
- Make session management less database-intensive
- ~~Capture client version per session~~
- ~~Capture zone id per packet~~
- Capture retail server id per session
- Erase chat content from chat packets
- Truncate C2S 0x00A
- Look for more identifiable (char names, etc.) areas to truncate
- More systems to reject private server submissions, or ways to flag them afterwards so they can be banned/deleted (client-side or as server jobs), `NtSys::GetWorldName` ?
- A side-system of data collection that captures the current client version, zone id, the target entity index and their in-game name - for tracking entity shifts
- Allow users to accumulate their sent packet data in a folder locally for their own use
- Allow users to customise which endpoint they're transmitting to (if they want to develop locally, etc.), but defaulting to the live server
- Re-implement a page for weather data like `WeatherReporter` was designed to collect
- SQL views for useful data (~~submitter general info~~)
- Cache all information for on-demand endpoints
- Capture self-statistics in a table over time (number of packets recieved, processed, stored - per hour, total size of packet storage, submitters, sessions, concurrent sessions)
- Some nice graphs with the statistic data :)
- Client: on-logged-in check (is this needed? Doesn't look like it)
- It's possible to read the client version string from the DATs instead of from memory or through Ashita/Windower APIs
- Client: get build time from ffximain.dll as an approximation of client version
- Client: Does reading client version string work on Ashita sandbox?
- Client/Server: Batching packets instead of sending one-by-one
- Client: Retry send a few times on fail, is this possible to detect on PUT/POST requests?
- Hosting: CI and automatic release for the client libs, with MD5 hashes etc.
- Send packet eater plugin version with packets so server can reject old ones
- A way of sending error messages back to the plugin, response codes? Some messaging depending on response codes.
- Server deployment: poll, pull github, take service down, rebuild, deploy
- Rollback above?
- Client: stop on error state, log loudly, periodic log if the plugin is loaded but in an error state
- Client: Only erase the content of tell/party/LS chat, and search for current player name in other chat contents for removal
- Read dat location from: `Ashita: core->GetConfigurationManager()->GetString("boot", "sandbox.paths", "ffxi")`
- "or since you're working in c++ you can just grab the location of ffximain.dll because it'll be loaded" - Thorny
- Sessiosn combining/debouncing doesn't seem to work correctly? Sessions within 10s of eachother (or shall we go 30s?) don't seem to be automatically combining every 60s
- Windower: use `pol_path` to work backwards to get the FFXI install path
- Clients: Draw a little logo, or with a cross through it - depending on if you're successfully sending or not.
- Build: Have CMake looks for env vars saying where your Windower/Ashita addon/plugin directories are, and automatically try and drop new builds in there

Commit message:

Send more information back in the JSONResponse content

README.md, after:

# FFXI Packet Eater

## Client

`client/`

## Server

`server/`

Not currently hosted to the public. But it will be soon!

## Launch TODO List

- All the TODOs left in the code
- ~~Send payload as base64 string~~
- Send data C->S gzip'd, with a smaller encoding than JSON
- Get data transmission size down as small as possible
- ~~Do ALL payload extraction and inspection work on the worker~~
- Proper hygiene about database sessions in the server application and worker
- ~~Session management~~
- Make session management less database-intensive
- ~~Capture client version per session~~
- ~~Capture zone id per packet~~
- Capture retail server id per session
- Erase chat content from chat packets
- Truncate C2S 0x00A
- Look for more identifiable (char names, etc.) areas to truncate
- More systems to reject private server submissions, or ways to flag them afterwards so they can be banned/deleted (client-side or as server jobs), `NtSys::GetWorldName` ?
- A side-system of data collection that captures the current client version, zone id, the target entity index and their in-game name - for tracking entity shifts
- Allow users to accumulate their sent packet data in a folder locally for their own use
- Allow users to customise which endpoint they're transmitting to (if they want to develop locally, etc.), but defaulting to the live server
- Re-implement a page for weather data like `WeatherReporter` was designed to collect
- SQL views for useful data (~~submitter general info~~)
- Cache all information for on-demand endpoints
- Capture self-statistics in a table over time (number of packets recieved, processed, stored - per hour, total size of packet storage, submitters, sessions, concurrent sessions)
- Some nice graphs with the statistic data :)
- Client: on-logged-in check (is this needed? Doesn't look like it)
- It's possible to read the client version string from the DATs instead of from memory or through Ashita/Windower APIs
- Client: get build time from ffximain.dll as an approximation of client version
- Client: Does reading client version string work on Ashita sandbox?
- Client/Server: Batching packets instead of sending one-by-one
- Client: Retry send a few times on fail, is this possible to detect on PUT/POST requests?
- Hosting: CI and automatic release for the client libs, with MD5 hashes etc.
- Send packet eater plugin version with packets so server can reject old ones
- A way of sending error messages back to the plugin, response codes? Some messaging depending on response codes.
- Server deployment: poll, pull github, take service down, rebuild, deploy
- Rollback above?
- Client: stop on error state, log loudly, periodic log if the plugin is loaded but in an error state
- Client: Only erase the content of tell/party/LS chat, and search for current player name in other chat contents for removal
- Read dat location from: `Ashita: core->GetConfigurationManager()->GetString("boot", "sandbox.paths", "ffxi")`
- "or since you're working in c++ you can just grab the location of ffximain.dll because it'll be loaded" - Thorny
- Sessiosn combining/debouncing doesn't seem to work correctly? Sessions within 10s of eachother (or shall we go 30s?) don't seem to be automatically combining every 60s
- Windower: use `pol_path` to work backwards to get the FFXI install path
- Clients: Draw a little logo, or with a cross through it - depending on if you're successfully sending or not.
- Clients: Maybe a little mouse-over popup
- Clients: Communicate back with the 202 JSON response body
- Build: Have CMake looks for env vars saying where your Windower/Ashita addon/plugin directories are, and automatically try and drop new builds in there
